[Music]
flew up through the clouds at night was
born to
fight mythical so mystical think what
you
like you could be the sord The Shield
Defender the people don't know you know
it fall
for you know I F for
love you know I want for love be kind to
those around you don't be
meress remember me for my name is
[Music]
persus my name is
pus my name is
[Music]
perus my name is
persus my name is persus
my name is
p my name is
perus my name is
[Music]
perus I don't want the throne that my
father
has fighting Wicked beasts while they
move so
fast you could be the sword The Shield
defender of the people down below you
know I fought for a
love you know I fall for
love you know I Fought For Love have
your friends beside you like my
Pegasus remember me for my name is
pus my name is
perus my name is
perus
[Music]
per
my name is
[Music]
pus my name
[Applause]
is
[Music]
reaching for the
star I wonder where you
[Music]
are
oh we are we are dreaming in the dark we
are nothing more than dust search but
you stay
lost we are we are reaching for the
stars but we're making this you word and
I wonder where you
are
M yes that's the part you always show
cuz you're too
curious baby you should take it slow
this yes that's the why you always
show babbe you should take it
[Music]
slow
we dreaming in the dark we are nothing
more than do you search but you stay
L sech
my we reach and for the stars who making
this to are and I wonder where you
are
Mr that's the part you always show cuz
you're too
curious baby you should take it SL
[Music]
M yes cu the part you are
show to
CU maybe you should take it
[Music]
SL
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
reaching for
[Music]
stars I wonder where you
are
oh
[Music]
la
oh
[Music]
a
[Applause]
oh